# [cdgamlin.github.io](https://github.com/cdgamlin/cdgamlin.github.io/)

# PARS: *Playlist Aggregator Refiner Scheme*

Parses multiple FREE online M3U playlists to generate a custom IPTV.M3U playlist

Generated IPTV.M3U channel list currently contains over 19,000 FREE IPTV channels
* Python3 used for aggregating M3U files found elsewhere on the net (see [source code](https://github.com/cdgamlin/cdgamlin.github.io/tree/main/PARS))
* Channel information is parsed from multiple data fields to obtain useful information, such country of origin
* Compilation procedure ensures any URL duplicated between M3U files only occurs once in the final file
* [DOMN:CC] pattern added as suffix to all channel names, which makes it easier to distinguish between similar channels
* "DOMN" are 4 letter codes representing which server group the channel is coming from
* "DOMN" 4 letter codes are generated by the algorithm based on the server name (eg: all https://*.pluto.tv/ are "PLTO")
* "CC" are 2 letter codes representing server country codes (eg: "UK") which can come from server name or group-title info
* "TV" is used as the 2 letter country code if the country is not determinable from the server URL or group-title
* Channels are grouped into category (where possible) or into subcontinent the channel comes from (when category in unobtainable)
* Subcontinents are based more on language groups than geography, to hint what language(s) a channel may be in
* Channels are sorted by category, then by title, with subcontinents prefixed with "X:" so they occur after the more descriptive categories
* Channels are far from being fully tested, and some links are broken (but there are a lot of excellent channels within this list)
* 10,000 channels come from two BIG M3U playlists
* Other channels come from playlists including: Pluto, Samsung, Plex, Stirr, and country lists from [this site](https://d.tousecurity.com)
* The only countries included from the country list site are: AU, CA, NZ, UK, US
* Unless I get some real demand for it, I will not be adding more countries to the list
* IPTV.m3u generated playlist is at [https://cdgamlin.github.io/IPTV.m3u](https://cdgamlin.github.io/IPTV.m3u)

# How to install in Kodi

You will need to install IPTV Simple Client, and then add the generated playlist to this client

IPTV Simple Client is a Kodi addon that allows you to stream live TV channels from online IPTV streams

If IPTV Simple client has already been installed, it needs uninstalling before reinstalling:

1. Launch Kodi
2. Click Add-ons
3. Click the add-on browser "opened box" icon
4. Click My add-ons
5. Click PVR clients
6. Click IPTV Simple Client
7. Click Uninstall
8. Click "Yes" (for Are you sure?)
9. Click "Yes" (for removing associated data)


The steps to install IPTV Simple Client with the 19,000 channel list in Kodi are:

1. Launch Kodi
2. Click Add-ons
3. Click the add-on browser "opened box" icon
3. Click Install from repository
4. Click Kodi Add-on repository
5. Click PVR clients
6. Click IPTV Simple Client
7. Click Install
8. Wait until you see Add-on installed message
9. Click IPTV Simple Client
10. Click Configure
11. Click Add add-on configuration
12. Click M3U Play List URL
13. Enter "https://cdgamlin.github.io/IPTV.m3u" (without quotes)
14. Click OK (to close the Virtual Keyboard)
15. Click OK (to close the Configuration Page)
16. Go back to the Kodi homepage
17. Click the power options "on/off" icon
18. Click Exit
19. Re-launch Kodi
20. Click TV
21. Wait until you see 19,000 TV channels are loaded (can take a minute)

Once in "TV", the best way to find channels is to press left, click "Group", then choose the category you are interested in

Remember to check out sub-continents groups that you may be interested in, and also look through the "XYZ" group, which are channels that the algorithm couldn't determine which group they should go in

Email: cdgamlin (ąţ) gmail (ɗδţ) com
